Add Promscale with Timescale cloud docs (#1658)
timescale/docs: promscale/installation/promscale-with-timescale-cloud/index.md

---
title: Install Promscale Connector with Timescale Cloud
excerpt: Install Promscale with Timescale cloud on Kubernetes, Docker, virtual machine, or bare metal
product: promscale
keywords: [analytics]
tags: [learn, prometheus]
related_pages:
  - /promscale/:currentVersion:/guides/resource-recomm/
  - /promscale/:currentVersion:/send-data/
---

import Install from "versionContent/_partials/_cloud-installation.mdx";
import CreateServicePromscale from "versionContent/_partials/_cloud-create-service-promscale.mdx";

# Install Promscale with Timescale cloud

> You can install Promscale with Timescale Cloud by running Promscale Connector on
> and leverage the Timescale Cloud as the storage layer for your observability data.
> To get started with Promscale with Timescale Cloud first create a Timescale Cloud
> service and then install Promscale Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Promscale with Timescale Cloud by running Promscale Connector. 
This allows you to use Timescale Cloud as the storage layer for your observability data.
To get started with Promscale on Timescale Cloud, create a Timescale Cloud
service, and then install Promscale Connector.
```

## Install Timescale Cloud

Timescale Cloud is a hosted, cloud-native TimescaleDB service that allows you to
quickly spin up new TimescaleDB instances. You can
[try Timescale Cloud for free][sign-up], no credit card required.

Powered by [TimescaleDB][timescale-features], Timescale Cloud is an innovative
and cost-effective way to store and analyze your time-series data. Get started
super fast with demo data, or your own dataset, and enjoy the security of

> automated upgrades and backups.

Reviewer: This is old wording. You can grab the partial from here instead: _partials/_cloud-intro.mdx

Reviewer 2: done!!!
